[Music]
all right good morning guys and welcome
back to the vlog so today we are gonna
have a very productive day at university
and why are we gonna have a very
productive day because my exam is in
less than a week and your boy needs to
study so I've been going to the same
library now for about four weeks I think
and every single day I've sat in the
same one or two seats and I've looked at
the same wall for over eight hours so I
really need to change and if I'm gonna
be super productive today I need
something new I need a change of
atmosphere so that I can get a boost of
energy it's gonna help me study for
eight hours today I'm gonna head to the
Hmong library which is part of King's
College London Strand campus has a
really really lovely reading room that's
nicely aesthetic and so I'm gonna study
there for the day and take you guys with
me so even though none of my friends are
gonna be joining me today and I'm gonna
be really bored socially the good thing
is I'm gonna be able to focus on my work
and actually get a good amount of things
done
[Music]
for this exam season what I started off
doing was taking over the lecture notes
that I've written throughout the year
and I've read through them I've tried to
understand them as best as I can and
I've even gone through the Oxford
Handbook of clinical medicine it's like
the Bible for medical students if you
don't know I've started in past papers
and passed exams and basically what I've
done is I've accumulated a couple of
documents that have random facts that I
think are really important and that I
need to commit to memory so the
challenge of today's first session in
the library is going to be to commit all
of those random facts and all those
important details to memory all right so
I'm gonna put in a four hour session now
until 2 p.m. so I'll take you guys with
me and we'll have a lunch break after
that
[Music]
all right so I just received a phone
call all right so I just received the
phone call while it's in the library and
I had to scramble out of there basically
I've been talking to this guy who does
sort of day-in-the-life videos of
students from all across the world in
all kinds of different universities I
thought it was really cool so I reached
out to him and asked if he was gonna be
in England anytime soon so that we could
film a day-in-the-life at King's College
London all right nice to meet you I'm
doing well how are you that's perfect so
the medical school is located at guys
campus all right take care
so super exciting news everything went
really really well
we're gonna meet up either tomorrow on
Monday to do this collaboration and I'm
so excited to share with you guys Wow
all right so it's currently 12:20 which
means I have not been studying for that
long so I definitely need to go back
into the library and complete a couple
more hours so what I'm gonna do is
listen to a series of tutorials that one
of the head professors at our university
gives for the medical school there
absolutely so useful they cover just the
clinically relevant information that's
what I'm gonna cover now up until lunch
and yeah I'll see you guys in a bit
[Music]
all right so that is the first for our
session of studying done I am really
really hungry now so I'm gonna break for
lunch I definitely didn't eat enough
breakfast this morning so I was too busy
filming the intro for this video we're
gonna go to this place that I tried out
yesterday and I really liked it's called
pure high protein chili one and while I
sit down for my lunch in the words of an
alley uptown I'm gonna call my parents
who live in Greece the signal to you a
good son I am I really needed that me oh
I'm much more awake now so I'm gonna
head back to campus and I'm probably
gonna film a bunch of b-roll of some on
vibrate because it looks really really
pretty
you'll either see it in the control or
now regardless enjoy
[Music]
I was a quick and much-needed lunch
it's a Pidgey economy so this summer
like last summer I'm going to be doing
scientific research and I've decided to
go back to the same lab that I was
working in last summer this is a lab in
Toronto which is the school that I did
my undergraduate degree in and I'm
really excited to be going back because
I have plenty of friends in Toronto from
the four years that I did my
undergraduate degree there so I'm
excited to see them all as well catch up
have a good time and just enjoy this
summer God knows I'm not entering the
library got a cup of coffee in my hand I
will be asleep within a couple of
minutes it's going a quick quick journey
to get some coffee
[Music]
all right and that is it I am done with
the day finally that's eight hours of
productive work all complete I'm really
happy with what I did today I did both
medical school related things and also a
little bit of paperwork that I need to
complete before I travel to Toronto so
yeah overall it's been a really
productive day you know with the exam
coming up in just under a week now I
don't really feel stressed or worried
about it I know that no matter what I'm
gonna do okay so currently the spending
that I'm doing is sort of to improve on
my weaknesses make sure that I know
everything that I think I know and make
sure that I maintain my level of
knowledge until the exam comes wow that
was the first time anyone has ever done
that while I'm vlogging anyway so I'm
gonna head to the station now
you
[Music]
this is the slight behind the scenes
where my room is just a little bit
unorganized necessary five-second lie
down Thank You London oh my gosh it's
finally summer sun is out properly let's
get a little bit more comfortable grab a
coffee and go outside on the balcony to
have a chat
this is absolutely my favorite part of
the day I come home after a long day of
studying sit down on the balcony with a
coffee and just bask in the Sun this is
kind of like the transition between my
first four-hour session of studying and
my second one this is the break that I
get sort of in the middle of the day
between my studying and then the rest so
gym social time with friends chilling by
myself on my computer binging Netflix
shows etc etc in about 3 minutes I'm
going to run out of space on this
storage SD card and I've already filled
up another one that is 200 gigabytes
worth of footage in just one Kitty
someone tell me how I'm gonna edit 200
gigabytes of footage this vlog is going
to be a mess to edit if you guys have
made it this far in the video please do
leave a like and subscribe to my channel
just to make up for all the effort I've
put into this video anyways that is a
problem for future me probably while I'm
in Canada editing this Olli while I'm in
Canada editing this also I genuinely
can't believe 2nd year is almost over
I'm going to be a third year medical
student in a couple of months I was
crazy to think about I'm gonna be almost
halfway done with medical school halfway
on the way to becoming a doctor and you
know it was really not that long ago at
all I was in the same position as many
of you guys watching this video now
struggling to prepare for the MCAT
finished my exams prepare for applying
to medical school in two different
countries it was so difficult and I
remember that struggle I know what it
feels like and that's why I still make
my Yukon videos to try and help you guys
I want to provide back to future medical
students as much as possible it's been
many years a dream in the making to
become a doctor and Here I am finally on
the path all I have to do is pass my
exams and obviously not stack off an
entire year make sure I pay attention
and
learn learn learn how to be a doctor I
have about one minute left of recording
time on this SD card so I'm gonna switch
you guys over to the phone I'm gonna go
to the gym in a little bit after I relax
and have my coffee for maybe 15-20
minutes so yeah I have a couple of
people coming over and we're gonna set
up and play Catan over here for a couple
of hours into the night and I think Val
how this day is going to and if you guys
enjoyed this content please do subscribe
as well nothing makes me happier than
being able to interact with you guys and
be able to talk to you in the comments
sections also leave me a comment down
there if you want to you can also follow
me on Instagram for the latest and
greatest updates about me and my life
while at medical school and as a
research scientist over the summer thank
you so much for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and got some value
out of it and until next time I'll see
you guys later peace